1.	Point 4a- Please delete the following lines Any remedy for the breach will be decide by court of law “It is acknowledged that the Contractor’s termination of the Agreement without fourteen (14) days’ notice to the Company or failing to start the project on the Start Date specified in the SOW or leaving the project within the first 30 days after the Start Date specified in the SOW constitutes a breach of the Agreement and will cause the Company to incur substantial economic damages and losses of types and in amounts which are impossible to compute and ascertain with certainty as a basis for recovery by the  Company of actual damages, and that liquidated damages represent a fair, reasonable and appropriate estimate thereof. Accordingly, in lieu of actual damages for such breach, the Contractor agrees that liquidated damages may be assessed and recovered by the Company as against Contractor, in the event of Contractor’s termination of the Agreement without 14 days’ written notice or failing to start the project on the Start Date specified in the SOW or leaving the project within the first 30 days after the Start Date specified in the SOW, and without the Company being required to present any evidence of the amount or character of actual damages sustained by reason thereof; therefore Contractor shall be liable to the Company for payment of liquidated damages according to the following schedule:  $10,000 for Contractor’s termination of the Agreement without 14 days’ written notice; $15,000 for Contractor’s failing to start the project on Start Date specified in the SOW; and $25,000 for Contractor’s leaving the project within the first 30 days after the Start Date specified in the SOW. Such liquidated damages are intended to represent estimated actual damages and are not intended as a penalty, and Contractor shall pay them to Company without limiting Company's right to terminate this Agreement for default as provided elsewhere herein”.
2.	Point 6- Company reserves the right, in its absolute sole discretion, to pay the Contractor the amounts due as indicated by statements submitted by the Contractor upon receiving payment from the Client. Company shall pay Contractor within 30 Days from the date the invoice has been sent. Contractor must turn in timesheet within five (5) calendar days of the date of performing the Services or providing the Deliverables in order to receive payment for work performed. And please delete the following as per earlier language Payments are made on Approved timesheets which shows work acceptance of client “Contractor agrees that in the event of Client’s failure or refusal to pay Company for the services, due to unsatisfactory performance provided by Contractor, or if Contractor is discharged from service for Company due to unsatisfactory performance, Contractor will not be paid for the number of hours Client has refused payment on, up to eighty (80) hours. It is further agreed that if such invoice is paid by Company, Company shall be entitled to recover up to eighty (80) hours of such payment from Contractor or to deduct such amount by offset from any payments then or thereafter due to Contractor”.
3.	Point 7- We do not work on pay after pay. Please remove the lines “Contractor shall only be entitled to payment from Company after Company has been paid by Client.  If Company is not paid in whole or in part by Client, due to cause of performance and written notice from Client, Contractor will not be paid.”
4.	Point 9- Please remove the $ amount. 
5.	Point 10- We agree not to offer services directly to the clients introduced by Company. However, we may have our vendors working with the same client now or in future and we would be restricted to work with other our other vendors. So please remove ‘indirectly’ from the clause.
6.	Point 19- We do not agree on this. Please delete this.
