Point 3d- Please change the termination notice to two weeks. Also include Purchase order not just the agreement.
Point 5- Please remove the lines “and may engage such Purchase Order Personnel, directly or indirectly, to continue to provide the Services to the Client”.
Point 6a & Exhibit 2- Point 2a- - Please remove “indirectly” from the clause. We agree on not providing services directly to any of the clients. However, GRC will not restrict us from working indirectly with the same client through our vendors.
Point 6b and 6c and Exhibit 2- Point 2b&c- Please remove this we do not work C2H we do only C2C.
Point 6d and Exhibit 2 Point 2d- Please remove the $ amount. GRC may include verbiage “Any remedy for the breach of the clause will be decided by court of law”.
Point 7- Non-Solicitation- Please include for GRC as well “GRC agrees that for the duration of the agreement  and period of twelve (12) months from the date of termination of this Agreement or any associated Purchase order, GRC and their client will not, directly or indirectly, employ or solicit to employ or offer employment in any kind to any of contractor’s employee, officer, contractor or individual with whom GRC or their clients has had any contact, or of whom GRC and their clients have become aware, in connection with the Services.”
Point 9a&c- We do not agree on pay after pay. Please have this removed and have mention specific Payment terms and invoicing frequency.
Point 9f- Please remove this. We do not agree.
Point 9h-Please reove “Contractor shall receive payment on any outstanding invoice(s) only upon GRC’s receipt of funds from the Client for each such invoice. For avoidance of doubt, GRC shall not be liable to pay Contractor as to any outstanding invoice until and unless Client provides GRC with payment for the same”.
Point 13- We do not agree on this. Please remove.
Point 19a- Please change the below lines accordingly “GRC shall be entitled to seek and obtain equitable relief, in the form of specific performance, or temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, or any other equitable remedy which then may be available. The seeking of such injunction or order shall not affect GRC’s right to seek and obtain damages or other equitable relief on account of any such actual or threatened breach.
Point 19b- Contractor further agrees that in addition to any other remedy provided in this Agreement, any breach of any other provision of this Agreement by Contractor or its personnel entitles GRC to recover from Contractor damages and/or equitable relief, in the form of specific performance, or temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, or any other equitable remedy which then may be available.
Exhibit 1- Point 4- Please have the notice changed to two weeks.
Exhibit 1- Point 10- We do not agree on this. Please remove.