1.	Point 3 Sub Point 9- Please remove the following lines “hence Nagarro may, in addition to all the rights which Nagarro may have under law or equity, obtain an injunction from the courts for preventing such breach. Supplier waives its right to object the granting of any such injunction, and also the posting of any bond by Nagarro”. Any remedy for the breach of clause will be decided by court of law.
2.	Point 4 Sub Points 2,3 and 7- Please remove this cannot agree on withholding payments. For subpoint 1- Please mention the frequency as well.
3.	Point 5- Please add the following lines “All approved timesheets will be considered as work accepted by client and no payments will be withhold for such payments made.”
4.	Point 9 (1)- Please explain how is this different from the 9 (2) clause. For  9 (2)- We agree not to provide services of consultant “directly” to the customer of Nagarro. We may have our vendors working with same client and we will not be restricted to work with them. Please remove “indirectly” from the clause.
5.	Point 10 (2)- We do not work C2H please remove this clause. Please add following non-solicitation clause “Nagarro agrees that for the duration of the agreement  and period of twelve (12) months from the date of termination of this Agreement or any associated Work Order, Nagarro and their client will not, directly or indirectly, employ or solicit to employ or offer employment in any kind to any of supplier’s employee, officer, contractor or individual with whom Nagarro or their clients has had any contact, or of whom Nagarro and their clients have become aware, in connection with the Services.”
6.	Point 11 (3)- Please change the notice to two weeks.
7.	Point 16 (1)- Please have this changed to the following “Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere in this Agreement and under any circumstance, for any reason whatsoever, Either partyNagarro shall not be liable for any incidental, ancillary, direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, including, but not limited to lost profits, whether in tort or contract and based on any theory of liability,and the Supplier specifically agrees that in any event Nagarro’s liability is limited to payment of $ 1,000 (USD One thousand only) to Supplier/ Consultant cumulatively for all actions/ claims under this Agreement.
8.	PO- End date says 2/21/2019. Please correct this. Also the full name of the consultant is “Kwabena Ohemeng” please update this.
