1.	Point 4- Para 2- Please modify the clause as per below. We do not sign agreements with pay after pay.
Vendor will pay Supplier promptly after Vendor receives payment from Client for the services of Supplier’s Personnel. Supplier agrees that Client controls the payment of fees to Supplier and Supplier shall not be entitled to payment for billable time or other services unless and until Client approves the work and pays Vendor. However, upon Supplier’s request and for its convenience, Vendor may, in its sole discretion, pay Supplier net 30 days from receipt of Supplier’s invoice. (The earlier para says Semi Monthly please clarify) Should Client request a discount, rebate or rate cut in regard to services previously performed or to be performed by Supplier’s Personnel, then Supplier agrees to lower its fee proportionately unless the Purchase Order states otherwise. Should Vendor in its sole discretion advance payment to Supplier for services prior to payment by Client to Vendor for such services and Client fails to pay for such services or Client request a refund of amounts previously paid to Supplier, Supplier shall repay Vendor for any such amounts within thirty days of written notice by Vendor. All approved timesheets will be considered as work accepted by client and will be paid by vendor to supplier and supplier will not be liable for refund for such payments made.
2.	Point 7B- We agree not to provide any service ‘directly’ to the client introduced by vendor. However, we may have our vendor’s working with the same client and we should be able to work with them. Please have the clause modified accordingly. Also, please remove the $ amount any breach of the clause will be decided by court.
3.	Point 14- “..regardless of how characterized, even if Vendor knew or should have known of the possibility of such damages.”. How can we agree to something like this ?
4.	Point 15 C & D (injunctive relief)- Please have these removed. Any remedy for the breach of clause will be decided by court of law.
5.	Please include Non-solicitation for Supplier’s employee “Supplier agrees that for the duration of the agreement  and period of twelve (12) months from the date of termination of this Agreement or any associated Purchase order, Supplier and their client will not, directly or indirectly, employ or solicit to employ or offer employment in any kind to any of supplier’s employee, officer, contractor or individual with whom Supplier or their clients has had any contact, or of whom Supplier and their clients have become aware, in connection with the Services
