Point 1- We do not agree on this “Contractor shall pay a one-time administrative fee in the amount of $500 in order to be admitted into Artech’s Preferred Supplier Program and obtain access to its Supplier Management Portal”.
Point 2- Please add termination for contractor as well “Contractor may terminate this agreement and any associated purchase order by providing two weeks written notice to ARCTECH”. Also for the last line please have this modified accordingly “Contractor will forego payment for up to five days of services or longer if required by the Client.”
Point 3- Please have the $ amount removed. Any remedy for the breach of clause will be decided by court of law.
Point 4 i- Please have “indirectly” removed. We may have our vendor’s working for the same client’s now or in future.
Point 4 iv- We do not work C2H. Please have this removed.
Point 4- We need non-solicitation clause for contractor as well “ARTECH agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of termination of this Agreement or any work order, ARTECH and their client will not, directly or indirectly, employ or solicit to employ or offer employment in any kind to any of CONTRACTOR’S  employee, officer, contractor or individual with whom ARTECH or their clients has had any contact, or of whom ARTECH and their clients have become aware, in connection with the Services.”
Point 5- Please have the $ amount removed. Any remedy for the breach of clause can be decided by court of law
Point 8- We do not agree on Pay after Pay. Please have this removed and with monthly (end of the month) invoicing we can do Net 30 as payment terms WITHOUT DISCOUNTS.
Point 8- Please add the line “All approved time sheets will be considered as work accepted by client and will be paid by ARTECH and ARTECH will not withhold, off-set or demand a refund for such payments made.”
Point 18- Please have “indirectly” removed, we may have our vendor working with same clients now or in future. And please remove “Therefore, the parties mutually agree that the Contractor shall be required to make a payment to Artech, representing liquidated damages of an amount equal to fifty (50%) percent of the compensation, wages, fees, retainer, salary or the like paid to Contractor or Contractor’s consultant for any such services, during the twelve (12) month period immediately following the start of such engagement, employment or contract”.
Point 25- We do not agree on this. Please remove.
Exhibit A- Point 1- “Contractor shall provide the first paystub of this employee after the start of this assignment and agrees to provide additional paystubs upon request. Further Contractor will notify Artech in writing if this pay rate to their employee is changed while this Agreement and PO is in effect.”. What we pay our consultants is between us and our employee. We are not agreeing on this clause.