Point 2- Please have the termination notice changed to two weeks. And for the lines we would agree to be responsible to the extent the number of notice days not provided by us and agree to forge the billing amount to that extend only. Please have it changed accordingly. “In the event Contractor terminates this Agreement and Contractor's services without providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notice, then Contractor shall be responsible for payment of any and all costs and expenses incurred by the Company in attempting to replace Contractor's services. Such costs and expenses may include, without limitation, recruitment expenses, additional compensation paid to replacement, travel expenses, lost business volume of the Company and Client, and other costs and expenses for which the Company becomes liable as a result of Contractor's failure to provide adequate notice.”
Point 4- We may have our vendor’s working with the same client’s now or in future. Please have this modified to accommodate this, else we cannot agree on the clause. Also please remove the lines any remedy for the breach will be decided by court of law “The commission shall be 20% of Contractor's projected billings to Client for the 12 months immediately following the commencement of services or 20% of the projected annual wages/salary or other compensation paid by Client to Contractor.”
Point 6- Clause says Payment terms will be in accordance with the Work Order. We would like to know what are the payment terms and also a sample work order. Also please add the clause “All approved timesheets will be considered as work accepted by client and will be paid by Company and contractor is not liable for any refunds for such payments made.
Please add a clause to the agreement- “Company agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of termination of this Agreement or any work order, Company and their client will not, directly or indirectly, employ or solicit to employ or offer employment in any kind to any of Contracto’s employee, officer, contractor or individual with whom Company or their clients has had any contact, or of whom Company and their clients have become aware, in connection with the Services