1.	Point III B- Please include termination of SOW with or without cause “SOW may be terminated by subcontractor, with or without cause by providing two weeks written notice to contractor.” (Also in Point IX A)
2.	Point IV A- Please change the notice to two weeks.
3.	Point IV C- We don’t work on pay after pay terms. Please remove this and have mention Net payment terms from the date of invoice. We can work with Bi- weekly invoice with Net 15 or Net 30 as payment terms.
4.	Point VII C- We agree to maintain during the term of the agreement and not after that. Please remove “remain in full force and effect during the term of this agreement and for two (2) years after termination or expiration of this Agreement. “
5.	Point VIII B & C – We agree not to provide service ‘directly’ to the clients of Velossent. We may have our vendors working with same clients and we should be able to work with them. Please modify the clause to accommodate this.
6.	Point VIII C- Para 3- Please remove the lines “fee equal to (i) 125% of the fee which Contractor would have earned in respect of such services to Client if such services had been provided pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, or (ii) 125% of the employee’s or contractor’s annual base salary.” Any remedy for the breach will be decided by court of law.
7.	Point VIII E & F- We do not work C2H. We do only C2C. Please remove these two clause and add a non-solicitation for subcontractor “Contractor agrees that for the duration of the agreement  and period of eighteen (18) months from the date of termination of this Agreement or any associated SOW/Purchase order/Work Order, Contractor and their client will not, directly or indirectly, employ or solicit to employ or offer employment in any kind to any of subcontractor’s employee, officer, contractor or individual with whom Contractor or their clients has had any contact, or of whom Contractor and their clients have become aware, in connection with the Services.”
8.	Point VIII G- Please remove injunction. “shall be entitled to both preliminary and permanent injunctions remedy’s as decided by court of law to halt such breach and to prevent further similar breaches”.
9.	Point IX F- Cannot agree to this . Please have this removed.
