1.	Point 3- Please include termination for Work Schedule as well “Subcontractor may terminate the work schedule anytime, with or without cause by providing two weeks written notice to InterPros”. Also last three lines please have it modified accordingly. “ Failure to provide ten business days’ notice, prior to the completion of any current work schedule, will result in forfeiting a sum equivalent of ten business days payment to the Sub Contractor in addition to any other damages incurred by IntePros as a result of leaving a contract early to the days the notice not being served. (Also on Page 8-Sub-Contractor Employee Compliance Agreement).
2.	Point 4e and in point 9f- Please remove injunctive relief any remedy for the breach of clause will be decided by court of law.
3.	Point 5- We agree not to provide any services ‘directly’ to the any clients introduced by InterPros. However, we may have our vendors working with the same client and we should be able to work with them. So, Please remove “indirectly” from the clause. Also, please remove the $ amount. (Also in Page 8- Sub-Contractor Employee Compliance Agreement - Competition For Clients clause)
4.	Point 8- Please clarify this point, we have not done any Form SS-8. We are not sure if this is applicable for us.
5.	Point 10- Please remove the $ amount. Instead you can add a clause which says any remedy for the breach of the said clause will be decided by court of law.
6.	Please include a Non-solicitation clause : “InterPros agrees that for the duration of the agreement  and period of twelve (12) months from the date of termination of this Agreement or any associated Purchase order/Work Schedule, InterPros and their client will not, directly or indirectly, employ or solicit to employ or offer employment in any kind to any of subcontractor’s employee, officer, contractor or individual with whom InterPros or their clients has had any contact, or of whom InterPros and their clients have become aware, in connection with the Services.”
