SOW :
Timeline

Duration of 3 months (with eligibility to 12 months) Start date: Sept. 17, 2018 Estimated End date: Nov 31, 2018. ( End date should be December 17 for three months period) .

 Payment Terms

• Contractor’s resource will maintain weekly timesheets in Intervals, Syntelli Solutions’ time & expense system as well as the Clients Time & Expense system(s), if required.

• Contractor will submit monthly invoices on the last day of each month.

• Invoices will be paid Net 60 day terms via ACH payment Contractor’s designated bank account per enrollment documents.( We need to negotiate for Net 30 since its monthly invoicing ) 

9. Termination

• Termination for cause will be with immediate effect. Termination for convenience will be one week, unless our client terminates the consultant/contract with immediate effect.  (Termination for convenience should be at least two weeks )


MSA:

Charges and Payment

Partner shall pay Contractor in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW) executed under this MSA, Partner shall reimburse Contractor for reasonable and incurred expenses as laid out in the attached Statement of Work (SOW).

Contractor shall not be entitled to payment to the extent a Client refuses to pay Partner for the Contractor’s services as a result of unsatisfactory or incomplete performance of such services.(The partner should be liable to pay for the time spent regardless of the client discretion to pay or not to pay based on satisfaction.)




17.5 In the event this Agreement or a SOW is terminated prior to completion of the services, Contractor shall refund to Partner any fees and expenses paid by Partner but not earned or incurred by Contractor prior to the termination date; and( Not sure if this clause is accepatable).





19. Right to Hire

20. After expiry of initial term of the SOW, Partner has the right to hire Contractor’s resource without prior


approval from provider.(This needs to be removed the partner should not have the right to hire at least for one year after the expiry of initial term of SOW


21.2 Contractor agrees that for a period of 1 year after termination of this Agreement or for a period of 1 year after being introduced to a Client or coming to know of a client, either directly or indirectly while being a Contractor of Partner, Contractor shall not work for such client or clients as the case may be;( we need to request them to remove indirectly from this clause as we may already have other partners working with the same client  